[Woman ]
Here at the American
Heritage Museum,
one word is crucial
when leading tours—
C-R-A-B. CRAB.
Communicate, Respond, Adjust
and, above all, Be prepared.
Tourists will ask
stupid questions.
You W/7/ know
how to answer them.
[ Gasps ]
Miss Tillotson.
- Do not interrupt.
- But—
No, Lincoln did not do
his homework on the back
of a shovel with a lump of coal.
- No, he did not walk a mile—
- [ Gasping]
Oh, dear God.
Right. Okay.
Great. Thanks.
They’ve cordoned off the museum.
The less the press knows about this,
the better. Trust me.
So, any new listings?
Nothing that I would live in.
Well, you know,
we’re runnin’ out
of time here, Bones.
I mean, you’re due,
what, in six weeks?
We gotta find a house.
Well, there is
a simple solution.
No! Uh-uh.
I need my man cave.
Then I need
an anthropologist cave.
So we need a man cave,
a girl cave...
and a perfect baby’s room
with at least an acre of land.
No wonder
we can’t find a house.
Whoa.
[ lnhales ]
“Whoa” is right.
“Whoa” what?
You all right?
Whoo. She just kicked.
[ Laughs] She’s very strong.
Okay. Let’s check
the listings again.
I’m looking.
I just want to make sure
we didn’t miss anything.
[ Police Rad/'0 Chatter]
[Hodgins] I actually think
the Vatican was in on
the Lincoln assassination.
They hated Lincoln since
he defended a former priest
against the Bishop of Chicago.
All righty.
lt’s human blood.
Yeah? Think it came from him?
The serologist
will let us know.
Look, all I’m saying
is that John Wilkes Booth...
was secretly
a member of the Knights
of the Golden Circle,
affiliated with Rome.
Okay. Little friendly advice.
Do not mention Booth to Booth.
They are related,
and he’ll shoot you.
- What do we got here?
- Hi.
[Saroyan ] The killer
left a message in blood—
“Where’s the rest of me?”
Well, I assume he’s referring
to the rest of the remains,
because Lincoln seems intact.
Do we have a time of death yet,
Dr. Hodgins?
According to the blowfly eggs
in the orbital sockets,
we’re looking at about two days.
There is something very strange
about this vertebral column.
[ Booth ]
Strange? How?
The articulating vertebrae
all appear to be from
the same spine, but—
They’re in the wrong order.
A killer dissected out
the spine and separated
the vertebrae?
Is that a big deal?
It means detaching
all the intersegmental
ligaments,
the anterior and posterior
longitudinal ligaments...
and the supraspinous ligament,
not to mention
somehow reattaching them.
- Okay, that is a big deal.
- Absolutely.
It seems the killer reassembled
the vertebrae out of order on purpose.
He’s sending us a message.
[Angela ] Looks like
some kind of deranged surgeon
sewed this back together.
I mean, what is that?
Looks like some kind
of nasty string.
l have a bad feeling
about this.
But I will wait for
the electrophoresis results...
to share it.
Judging by the small skull
and the nuchal crest,
the victim
was a female Caucasian.
Her wisdom teeth
haven’t fully erupted,
suggesﬂng
she was in her early 20s.
[Beeps]
Okay.
Bad feeling
officially confirmed.
The “string” the killer used
is made out of human gut.
[ Device Beeps ]
Serology results just came in.
The message the killer left—
“Where is the rest of me?”
Why are you looking at us
like that, Mr. Bray?
Spit it out.
They ran
the usual A.B.O. groups,
plus enzyme
and protein markers.
And?
The blood at the scene
isn’t from the victim.
It’s from five other people.
- Five different people?
- Yeah.
Call the lab,
tell them we need D.N.A.
Tag it a priority.
And if anyone gives you grief,
tell them to refer to me.
- [ Sweets ] Exterminators
treated the museum last night?
- [ Booth ] Yeah.
Looks like our killer
used a laser pointer...
to burn out the image
on one of
the security cameras.
See that? The camera
goes out there at 5:51.
Okay, so the killer
leaves the remains,
writes the message,
gets out before
anyone can spot him.
Right. So we have
one confirmed dead
and, what, five maybes?
What kind of nutbag
does that?
Well, defacing an iconic
American figure...
suggests that he craves
attention, right?
And he demands we engage
by posing two mysteries.
One, for the public—
“Where’s the rest of me?”
And a more private mystery
for us— the reordered spine.
If he has something to say,
why doesn’t he just say it?
It’s very manipulative,
uh, meaning high |.Q.,
which is consistent with the fact
that he was able to dissect a spine.
Which tells us
he’s comfortable killing people.
Yeah.
Practice makes perfect.
It’s likely that
he has prior offenses.
[ Phone Rings]
Booth.
Yeah.
You got a name?
Right. Great. Thanks.
So, one of the guys
on the exterminator crew
has a felony record—
by the name of Sam Sachs.
Okay, we got
the C1 vertebra,
T9, C2, C5 and then the T1,
but with both transverse
processes removed.
Why are we writing
all this down again?
Because the killer
did not reorder 24
articulating vertebrae...
just for kicks and giggles.
And that makes this
some kind of cipher,
which means I need
the order written down...
before you go
running the bony bits
through the wash cycle.
Okay, continuing. T7.
I’m telling you,
my grandfather would
expect me to know what to do.
Did I ever tell you
that he was a code breaker
back in World War II? Huh?
Worked for Admiral Nimitz.
Mine worked for Colonel Chicken.
What? It’s kind of military.
He had a uniform.
The C4 also has the right
transverse process removed.
It all means something.
| just have
to figure out what.
Uh, sure I can’t
grab a smoke?
We’ll let you trash your lungs
on your own time.
Come on, just a couple puffs.
You have quite a record here—
burglary, car theft.
Maybe one of
these guys out there
got some nicotine gum.
No.
Also says here that
you graduated to a couple pops
for violent assault.
Now, that’s what we call
a pattern of escalation.
Pattern of what?
Escalation, Sam.
Things started
to get worse and worse.
Okay. Maybe I made
a couple bad moves.
But it’s a whole new me.
I mean, I have
an importantjob preserving
our national heritage.
You kill cockroaches.
Obviously, you don’t
understand museum hygiene.
Mama roaches, they have,
like, 40 babies a pop.
They eat the paint,
the wallpaper...
and drop their roach feces
all over the historical artifacts.
No kidding?
Mm-hmm.
I’m our nation’s
front line of defense.
Against roach poop?
It’s very stressful,
which is why I need my smokes.
Uh, Agent Booth,
do you recall the, urn,
profile we discussed?
Oh, right.
H-He has a higher |.Q.
- Yeah.
- I guess we could let Sam
slide on this one. Right?
[ Exhales ]
That’s a giant relief.
So, can I have
my smokes back?
The guy we’re looking for...
glitched out security cameras
without getting caught on film,
so he definitely knew
of a blind spot.
So I’m assuming you do too.
Me? Wh-Why would I know?
Because I don’t think
you can go 15 minutes
without having a cigarette.
You get caught on camera,
you’ll lose yourjob.
You swear
I won’t get in trouble?
- We swear.
- Okay.
Yeah, there’s—
there’s a blind spot.
I ran her facial reconstruction
through Missing Persons.
- Nothing.
- [Computer Beeping ]
It’s the DNA. results.
This has gotta be
some kind of record.
- [ Saroyan ] Oh, my God.
- [Angela ] Something wrong?
They found a match
for all five blood samples
from the killer’s message.
Oh. It’s our lucky day.
No.
The blood’s from
five different FBI. agents
from the DC. field office.
[ Caroline ]
What part of “no comment”
do you not understand?
My source told me
the dead girl’s
spine...
was tied together with human gut.
No comment to that either?
l have a whole bunch of comments
and they all have four letters.
Whoa. Who’s this guy?
Ezra Krane. I’m with
the Washington Standard.
l have questions
about the museum murder.
Great. Public Affairs,
second floor.
How are newspapers supposed
to compete with the Internet...
when you people
won’t even throw us a crumb?
We are trying to solve
a brutal murder.
Maybe after that,
we can have a chat
about your business plan.
Cut me a break, will ya?
The paperjust laid off
60 people, and l have
a wedding next month.
- We’ll send you a blender.
- l have a source, Caroline!
- I want a name.
- You know I can’t do that!
There’s a murderer out there.
If you have information,
you have to hand that over now.
If I name my source,
no one ever talks to me again.
- Then leave, or I’ll arrest you.
- Come on.
- Is this really necessary?
- Don’t tempt me. Get lost.
March.
Okay. Fine.
Bye.
I’m leaving.
Either we have a leak, cnér,
or the killer
is talking to the press.
We better solve this
before the whole thing
turns out to be your fault.
Dr. Brennan, you have
to trust me on this.
This killer is intelligent,
manipulative
and hungry for attention.
Also very well versed
in anatomy.
Ooh! Here’s one that’s
in our price range.
“Adorable fixer-upper
with natural landscaping.”
No, no, no, no. That means
a small house with weeds.
Bring your own bulldozer.
Look, the blood at the scene
clearly indicates...
he was targeting the FBI.
“Artistic bungalow
with woodlike floors
in secluded setting.”
A shack with purple walls,
cracked linoleum.
Bottom line is, given your condition,
I don’t think that
you should be out in the field.
If the positive adjectives
indicate irreparable flaws,
then what does
“teardown” mean?
I understand. You’re under
a lot of pressure right now.
l’ve— I’ve been trying to find
Daisy a birthday present,
and the pressure to make
the right purchase is—
is-is nothing like
looking for a house
when you’re pregnant.
I know that.
Found the agents
whose blood
was at the scene.
They’re all alive
and well.
Did you figure out
how the killer
obtained their blood?
F.B.|. blood drive,
two weeks ago.
He wants us to acknowledge
how smart he is.
Listen, Bones,
this guy’s really dangerous.
I don’t want—
-Sweets already explained.
I’m not going out in the field.
-Wait. Seriously?
Y-You were listening?
Given the demands
of a growing fetus,
I will focus on the lab
and the real estate section.
[ Hodgins ]
We know these vertebrae
are some kind of code.
But what kind?
This is crazy.
I don’t even know
what we’re looking for.
Is the message numbers or words?
Don’t worry, babe.
We’ll get this.
This could be
a government thing, Ange.
We could be uncovering
something huge.
It’s just—
I can’t disappoint
my grandfather.
[ Groans ]
Okay. All right.
What about the total number
of characters?
Does that help any?
Well, there’s 48 total
if you count letters
and numbers that repeat,
and 13 if you don’t.
So, what has 13 digits?
An |.S.B.N. number.
What if it’s a book?
What if there’s
a message in a book?
No. Three of the characters
are letters, and l.S.B.N.’s
are just numbers.
We could group the numbers
according to strings
that have the same letters.
Maybe.
Okay.
You’re guessing now,
and you never do that.
Maybe each section has
a different encryption key.
Honey, you’re fritzing out.
Hello? Honey!
Do you even hear me?
No.
Yes.
That’s it.
There is no point
in him saying something
unless we can hear it,
so the code
has to be simple.
Forget encryption keys.
I am totally overthinking this.
Make it disappear.
Back to the drawing board
here, Ange.
Okay.
Dazzle me
with your progress.
I paid a visit
to the museum and found
the security cam blind spot...
that the exterminator
was talking about.
Please tell me you found
the killer’s driver’s license
and a complete set of prints.
No. But I did find this.
Great. He’s minty fresh.
Good to know.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Wait till you see.
Look at what’s inside.
It’s a homemade laser pointer.
That little thing disabled
the best security cameras in town?
Yeah. The guy,
he completely MacGyver—ed it.
The diode is from an old DVD player,
and the switch is from a toaster.
[ Beeping ]
Look at that.
So, we’re lookin’
for a tech-savvy guy
who hates the FBI.
Yeah, that’s what
Sweets said.
I’ll get him the records
of every geek we’ve put away
in the last two years,
see if he can find one
with motive, means
and opportunity.
Make it five years.
We wanna be thorough.
’Cause you got
a little Booth comin’.
You find a house yet?
Well, we haven’t
agreed on that yet.
Oh.
Oh?
What do you mean, “Oh”?
Well, I figured that “Oh”
implies all the potential problems.
Why gild the lily?
Problems.
According to
the isotope profile
from her tooth enamel,
the victim grew up
in Denmark.
That would explain
why we haven’t
been able to ID. her.
Have Angela fonNard
the facial reconstruction
to the Danish embassy.
Meanwhile,
we have to determine
cause of death.
I found a particulate embedded
in the anterior aspect
of the T4.
There are also
hairline fractures
on the neural arches.
That could be consistent
with a high-velocity injury.
Maybe a gunshot.
It could be a bullet fragment.
A bullet wouldn’t
explain the pitting
on the vertebral body.
Unless it shattered a rib
into smaller projectiles.
That’s possible,
but I’ll need the rest
of the bones to be sure.
Get this to Hodgins
to analyze.
Whoa! They reduced it
by how much?
Whoo-hoo. Okay, yeah.
Do me a favor.
Just send me the link, fast.
Possible house?
Hey, the real estate agent
said it was perfect.
Right? Yeah.
What do you got?
I looked through the files
that Caroline sent,
and there’s a hacker
named Christopher Pelant.
Socially marginalized,
|.Q. off the charts.
In 2009, he took down
the Senate Web site.
Check it out.
“Where’s the Web site”?
That’s his M.O.
He’s asking a question.
Yeah. And posting
his own face?
Totally consistent
with our killer’s
need for attention.
Then last year, he took down
the Department of Defense network.
The FBI. convicted him
on multiple charges...
of wire fraud
and computer fraud.
- All right, so he hates us.
- [Computer Beeping]
“Perfect”?
That’s not
the perfect place.
That’s not perfect. Huh?
My car is bigger than that.
It’s cozy.
“Perfect place.”
Well, you know, at least
this Pelant guy is promising.
Mm-hmm.
There’s one little issue with him.
[ Man ]
No computers or Internet.
And I haven’t been
past my front door
in six months.
Condition of parole.
Right. Look at that.
Your little
electronic tether.
- We’re checking
with the company that monitors that.
- They ping him every 38 seconds.
When was the last time
that you were at the
National Historical Museum?
Oh, uh, sixth-grade field trip.
| aced history.
What about biology?
Did you ever,
uh, dissect a person?
You guys think that I killed
that girl at the museum, don’t you?
Sweets here is one of
our better profilers,
and he seems to think
that it’s possible.
That dude
from the Washington Standard
said you’d think so.
- Ezra Krane.
- Yeah! Yeah, yeah.
He covered my trial.
I’ll tell you the same thing
I told him when he called.
I’m not a criminal.
I’m a “hacktivist.”
A hacktivist that took out
D.O.D’s complete network...
and left the US. military
defenseless for, what was it—
three and a half hours?
The company that built that network
got the contract because
of campaign contributions.
l exposed the corruption.
I’m a patriot.
Soldiers could’ve died.
That’s exactly why I did it.
So, if you’re not
supposed to have computers,
what do you call that?
Ah, it doesn’t work.
Some dumb-ass
pulled the fan cable
and fried the thing.
- Why do you keep it?
- Reminder of better days.
[Cell Phone Rings]
Booth.
Right. Thanks.
[Beeps]
He’s clean.
Monitor company says
he hasn’t left the premises.
Keep in touch.
I’m sure it had to be
something simple.
This sucks.
I give up.
Hey, if I’m burning
date-night privileges for this,
you don’t get to give up.
- [ Groans ]
- Remember your grandfather
and the whole Admiral Nimitz thing.
If it had been me,
we would’ve lost
the Battle of Midway.
All right, let’s look
at this another way,
maybe try another format.
Hey, what if we’re supposed
to assume that the ones
with broken processes...
are meant to be read
as spaces?
[ Beeping ]
- Maybe we should
just look at the numbers?
- Yeah. That’s worth a try.
Wait a minute.
20166 is the Dulles zip code.
That’s a coincidence?
4-8-1.
481 is the Justice Department
phone prefix.
I called them
a million times...
on Freedom of Information Act
stuff.
So, we have a phone number
and a zip code. Maybe that
middle part is an address.
The C4— The C4 was only broken
on the right side.
What if that’s the “4” side?
What if we’re only supposed
to read it as a “C”?
3-1-1-7-C.
3117 C Street?
[ Beeping ]
All right,
reverse directory.
Give me a minute.
Um—
Dulles makes it
a 571 area code
phone number.
Click on the map hyperlink.
That’s the Justice Department
archive building.
353 must be a room number.
We solved it.
Hold on. What about
those last four digits?
The 5-2-9-1?
We’ll figure it out.
I gotta call Booth.
Crappy date night.
Excellent
crime solving.
I told you guys you’re
not allowed down here!
We’re looking for Room 353.
Look,lgoﬂa
talk to my boss.
You guys have to wait here.
There it is.
Central, this is Andy Lau
down in Sector 3.
There’s a keypad. You don’t
think that could be the last
four numbers Hodgins found?
Yes, I do.
- [ Beeping ]
- [ Door Lock Buzzes ]
- Right.
- [Guard ] Who the hell
gave you that code?
What are we even
looking for anyway?
Anything suspicious,
out of the ordinary.
Just keep your eyes open.
All right?
Think
I found some blood.
Blood?
That, uh, “Where’s
the rest of me?” question—
I think
we just answered it.
Get those back
to the Jeffersonian
as quick as possible.
If Bones gets the rest
of the remains,
hopefully she’ll be able
to figure out cause of death.
- Mm-hmm. Looks like these
are all criminal case files.
- Closed cases?
No, no, no. ltjust says,
“Investigation suspended.”
Whoa, whoa.
Wait a second.
There’s either
open files or closed files.
What the hell does that mean?
[ Beeping ]
I don’t know.
Oh. Hold on. Um—
Careful with that.
That’s evidence.
I know. I know. I’m sorry.
This could just be
very important.
[Beeps]
Yes! Score!
What is it?
What?
I got Daisy’s
birthday present.
It’s a powder blue Vespa.
lt’s cute as a button.
You got her a scooter.
Got it 10 cents
on the dollar at the
US. Marshal’s auction.
Oh.
They got everything there.
They got boats, uh, cars.
My bad.
Your plate is full.
Solve murder.
Buy a house.
Have baby.
Yeah.
Go through the files. Now.
And give me
some of the perp names.
All right.
Colin Freakley.
Freakley.
Daniel Cassutto.
Ca-Cassutto. Wait, Cassutto.
He’s— He’s a CI.
Confidential informant?
Well, check out
some of these.
All right.
Gino Nicoletta.
Jimmy Valentine.
These are all
F.B.|. informants.
Yeah, well, there are
about 20 of these.
Looks like someone decided
not to prosecute their crimes.
Well, maybe headquarters feels
it’s worth letting them slide
on the small stuff...
in order to, you know,
solve the bigger crimes.
No, this isn’t small stuff.
These are major felonies.
Drug trafficking.
- Extortion. Fraud.
- Uh-huh.
Yeah, if I was
one of their victims,
I’d do pretty much anything
to call attention to this.
There’s additional pitting
and microfractures...
to the posterior
of the ribs and sternum.
Damage to the inside
of front and back?
What she’d do,
explode from the inside?
How is that possible?
Well, anything is possible,
Mr. Bray,
except finding
affordable housing
in the District of Columbia.
King of the cipher
is on a roll.
I got results back
on that particle you found
embedded in the bones.
It’s camphor.
They use that
in fireworks.
So?
There’s damage to the inside
of both front and back ribs.
Did the killer shove
some kind of homemade
explosive down her throat?
There’s only one way
to find out.
I’m gonna kill this man.
You should record me
saying that so you have
the evidence to arrest me.
M y source reports that
the rest of the museum
victim ’5 remains...
were discovered
in a secret fi/e room.
They point a bloody virtual ﬁnger
at wrongdoings by the F8. /.
- Can you believe this?
- How the hell did he find out
about the archives?
- All he’ll say is
that he got a phone call.
- From who?
l have no idea,
but I fully intend
to kill them too.
Why is this man
wearing an Easter egg
on his head?
- ’Cause he got his girlfriend a Vespa.
- A Vespa?
Yeah. I was just making sure
it’s comfortable. Sorry.
Did you finish going through
the Cl. files?
Yeah.
The worst of the bunch
is Daniel Cassutto.
He ran a real estate scam.
One of his victims
committed suicide
right in front of his daughter—
a woman named Sophia Berman.
You have
any shrinky goodness
to sprinkle on that one?
Suicide of a parent
is a serious motivator,
and Berman is head of IT
at a local hospital, so—
That would give her
technical expertise...
and a place
to rearrange a spine.
Go get her.
All right.
And get that thing
out of here.
So, we covered a skeleton
in processed meat.
To simulate soft tissue.
And the wet suit
simulates skin.
We should be able
to determine whether
an internal explosion...
caused the unusual damage
to the inside
of the victim’s bones.
| just wanna be clear that
I’m only going along with this
out of fondness for Mr. Lincoln.
We’ll take it.
Help me move this.
Okay.
[Clears Throat]
Ready?
I put the explosive
in his chest cavity.
[ Exhales ]
Fire in the bones!
Five, four, three, two,
one!
I’m gonna—
l’m gonna... check it.
[Chuckles] Yeah.
That’d be good.
Be careful.
Wendell,
why don’t you
check it?
[ Stammers ]
l’m— I’m not
wearing gloves.
[All Gasp]
Mmm.
[ Hodgins]
Hmm.
Whew.
Good. Good.
[ Sweets ]
Thanks for seeing us,
Ms. Berman.
I can’t believe you people
finally want to talk
about Daniel Cassutto.
So you think that Cassutto
defrauded your father?
Oh, I know it.
Cleared out my father’s pension,
life insurance, everything.
I reported it, and you people
didn’t do a damn thing.
So you blame the FBI.
that your father
committed suicide.
Last month, I wanted to
take my father out to dinner
to cheer him up.
When I got there,
he was sitting in the den
with a gun.
He told me he was sorry,
and he pulled the trigger.
I saw the top of his head
come off.
- I’m sorry.
- No, you’re not.
You made it happen.
You didn’t prosecute Cassutto
because he works for you.
Uh, the museum killer
went to a lot of trouble...
to bring public attention
to this, Sophia.
What, you think I did that?
Is this another way
for the FBI. to cover their ass?
How’d you find out that Cassutto,
uh, was an informant?
I got a call...
a couple days after
my father killed himself...
from a journalist at the, uh,
Washington Standard
- Someone who cared.
- Ezra Krane?
Yeah.
He was trying to do a story
on F.B.l. corruption,
but the editor
wouldn’t print it because
it didn’t have any juice.
[Cell Phone Ringing]
Yeah.
Excuse me.
Well, it has
a lot ofjuice now.
[Beeps]
What do you got?
Based on Brennan’s
strontium isotope
information,
l fon/varded
the facial reconstruction
to the Danish embassy.
- They |.D. her?
- Yeah.
Yeah. A girl named
lngerJohannsen.
Local family went out of town
for a couple of months, and
she was house-sitting for them.
Well, that makes sense.
The killer needed a body,
so he picked a girl
that no one was gonna miss.
Yeah.
It’s pretty cold, right?
Yeah. Pretty cold.
It’s horrible. So text me
where she was staying.
Will do.
[ Doorbell Rings]
It’s a nice neighborhood.
Maybe you guys
could find a house here.
- We might be done lookin’.
- So you’re just gonna live
with Dr. Brennan?
No. No.
I may have found a place.
What? Really?
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Let’s check around back,
all right?
We’re in the middle
of an investigation.
When do you have time
to get a house?
Let’s just say your Vespa
gave me the idea.
Seriously? The auction?
[ Knocking ]
I don’t think
anyone’s home.
Look, I haven’t told Bones yet.
So if you say anything,
you’re finished.
[ Insects Buzzing ]
[ Sweets ]
What is it?
[ Insects Buzzing ]
Oh, wow.
Is that what I—
Yeah.
This is where
she was killed.
Look at that.
He knew we would find this.
He’s playing with us.
[ Brennan ]
Based on the tissue
in the Jacuzzi,
Dr. Saroyan
believes the murder
occurred Sunday night.
Doin’ okay, Bones?
Well, I’m frustrated.
I saw multiple properties today,
none of which were even close.
Well, I may have
found a place.
Really?
Yeah.
But the thing is,
the owner, you know,
has a—just a little bit
of a questionable history.
What kind of questionable?
Let’s just say
his new address
is Leavenworth.
Oh. So...
we’d be acquiring the home
of a convicted criminal?
Yeah, you’re right.
Forget it.
That’s no place for our kid.
Never mind.
Forget it.
Why?
When the Dani of New Guinea
defeated the Amungme tribesmen,
the Dani valued the huts
of their vanquished enemy...
as symbols of their mightiness.
Right. So the crook
who lives in the hut
that I found is like—
Uh, you could say
our vanquished enemy.
Yes. His hut would be
a symbol of our mightiness.
Huh. A mighty hut.
Huh?
Yeah.
But it’s not actually
a hut, is it?
[Cell Phone Ringing]
[Beeps]
Booth.
| just finished talking
with Inger Johannsen’s parents.
The girl never hurt a fly.
Oh, that’s rough.
Any way you cut the sandwich,
Ezra Krane knows something.
He’s just not talking.
Okay, you want me
to bring him in?
You know me so well, cher.
Threaten him with
conspiracy and obstruction.
Make the son of a bitch hurt.
Just don’t leave any marks.
As much as I’d like,
I’m not gonna be
beating him up.
I know. I know.
But a girl can dream, chér.
[ Rattling ]
Once we scan the bones,
the computer can predict scenarios
consistent with the damage?
Yeah.
Now, these highlights...
here—
these indicate
skeletal trauma.
Now the program
will compute trajectories.
Cool.
Yeah.
So, you two really thought
that blowing up a scuba suit
was gonna work, huh?
It did.
We determined
that Inger Johannsen
absolutely did not die...
from explosives
shoved down her throat.
Great.
Okay, now the computer
should tell us what caused
the internal injuries.
A gunshot?
But there was no bullet.
Yeah. A contact gunshot
without a bullet.
Doesn’t make any sense.
What does that even mean?
[ Beeping, Buzzing]
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wh-What— What just happened?
I think I smell something.
[Alarms Ringing ]
[ Electricity Crackling ]
Oh, my God!
Oh, no!
[Alarms Beeping ]
[ Krane ]
I can’t wait to hear
where this is going.
You’re making my story
better all the time.
- Who told you
about the informant files?
- He didn’t give a name.
When did this mysterious
source contact you?
Yesterday.
You called Sophia Berman
and Chris Pelant.
It’s almost like
you knew everything
before they did.
Wait a minute.
Suddenly I’m a person
of interest here?
Oh, you’re not interesting.
You’re just a suspect.
You’ve got nothing on me.
I know what your profile says,
and I don’t fit it.
You’re smart enough to know that.
You needed a big story
bad enough to make one.
If you’re trying to scare me
into naming my source,
it’s not gonna work.
I don’t think
you have a source.
I think you killed that girl
in order to save your career.
Where were you between the hours
of 5:00 and 6:00 am...
when those remains
were found in the museum?
Alone in bed, asleep.
Two weeks ago,
the FBI. had a blood drive.
Where were you then?
- At home, writing.
- Alone?
Are you actually trying
to pin this on me?
No, l’mjust trying
to catch a killer.
And if it so happens to be
you, pal, that’s just gravy.
[ Hodgins ]
Okay, we figured out
what killed her.
It’s a bang stick.
Divers use it for sharks.
That thing
could kill someone?
[Clears Throat]
[Gunshot]
Okay. That’s a yes.
The killer must’ve
shoved it into her abdomen,
beneath the rib cage, and fired.
Hey. So, it turned out
the malware killed our fans.
They’re supposed to turn on
when the CPU. reaches 75 degrees.
But the malware added a zero
and made it 750.
How did this malware
get past our firewall?
Well, it didn’t.
lt originated in my computer.
But it wouldn’t have
gotten in there unless
you had downloaded something.
- Yeah. Or uploaded.
- All you uploaded were
the scans of those bones.
Are you telling me that
there’s a computer virus
in the bones?
l have no idea how this happened,
but it is the only explanation.
I need Dr. Brennan
to look at the bones now.
These are all of the bones
that you scanned
into the computer?
Yeah. Wendell swears
there’s no microchips.
Nothing.
There’s a roughness.
Is it pitting
from the fatal explosion?
I don’t think so.
Hand me the bottle
of the edicol dye
and a brush.
- Oh, my God.
- What?
It’s some kind
of fractal pattern.
Whoever did this...
wrote malware on bone that—
that took down a million bucks
worth of computers.
Who would know
how to do that?
A computer genius
who wants us to know that
he doesn’t need a computer.
Pelant.
But he has
an ankle monitor.
I’m telling you,
this guy is a genius.
Man walking his dog
spotted him
about an hour ago.
Whoa.
I wanted you
to get the full effect.
Okay, lower it down.
Slowly. Gently.
Gently.
Wow.
Okay, let me guess.
Security cameras
were disabled?
You got it.
Okay. You got him?
[ Exhales ]
Careful. Careful.
[ Booth ]
He’s got no face.
Oh!
Ohh.
Oh, powder burns
at the base of the skull
are consistent with a bang stick.
Same thing
that killed Inger Johannsen.
Check his pockets,
will ya.
Ezra Krane.
This is not the outcome
l was hoping for exactly.
- How long has he been dead?
- Still warm. Less than four hours.
Someone really
didn’t want Ezra Krane
to reveal his source.
Let’s make sure
we get secure transportation
for this body.
Well, we have fresh remains.
Whoever did this,
we’ll get him.
This is ridiculous.
The body left the scene
over two hours ago.
I watched it get loaded
onto the coroner’s van myself.
Should I call Caroline again?
You’ve already
called her twice.
I got some very strange results
back on the skull wound swab.
There’s traces
of thorium dioxide.
It’s used in heat-resistant
ceramics like gas lamps
and old vacuum tubes.
The same kind
of vacuum tubes
they use in old computers?
Actually, yeah,
now that you mention it.
Didn’t Booth say that Pelant
had an old computer?
Yes, but he’s also
got that ankle monitor.
The killer made a cipher
out of spine.
And he wrote malware
on bone...
and— and killed
two people with blanks
and a curtain rod.
I think he can get around
an ankle monitor.
Pelant did this, Cam.
He did it.
Call Dr. Brennan.
Your body won’t be
arriving anytime soon.
Why?
The coroner’s van
left the scene
with a Metro P.D. escort.
But they got a radio call
ordering them...
to reroute to the medical
examiner’s office...
where there was papenNork
ordering the body transferred
to DC. Memorial.
D.C. Memorial
also had paperwork.
Only theirs said that
the autopsy was complete...
and that infectious tissue
was found.
Oh, my God.
The protocol.
What? What protocol?
Once autopsies are complete,
bodies with infectious tissue
are cremated as medical waste.
A set of orders was passed down
through channels...
that even the Almighty himself
would need an atlas and
a double shot of bourbon to navigate.
He thinks
he’s smarter than us.
He may be right.
I don’t know anyone
smarter than I am.
Well, they didn’t
say that he was,
just that he might be.
Okay?
Pelant’s parole officer’s
bringing him in, which is good.
He’s resourceful.
That doesn’t make him
smarter than I am.
Primitive hunters
were resourceful.
Oh, he did manage to get
gunpowder for his bang stick
without leaving tracks.
That’s pretty resourceful.
He could’ve used
putrefied urine.
It’s an excellent source
of potassium nitrate.
Right.
So you’re saying
that sometimes
something that stinks...
has the potential to be
turned into something,
I don’t know, valuable?
Are you talking about
putrefied urine
or a mighty hut?
Both.
A lot of trouble
carting that thing in here.
Why’d you do that,
Agent Booth?
My guys took a look.
Turns out there’s
a vacuum tube missing.
Yeah? That’s a drag.
It’s gonna be tough to replace.
Especially since
I can’t get on line.
That seems like a pretty minor
obstacle for a man who can
write a computer virus on bone.
Mmm. No, not virus.
The word you’re looking for is “worm.”
It’s a common mistake.
So you don’t deny it?
This sends a signal every 38 seconds
to the monitoring company.
And the records will show
that I never left my house.
I talked to them.
He’s right.
You can charge me.
But what jury is gonna believe
I killed a girl, cut her up,
then dumped her in the museum—
all in 38 seconds?
You did it,
but you couldn’t
have done it.
It’s quantum
indeterminacy.
I knew you’d say that.
l have a lot of time
on my hands,
so I’ve read all the court transcripts
where you guys give testimony.
You are not gonna
get away with this, pal.
Actually, it kinda
looks like he is.
It’s the giant flaw in our system.
Trying to make the system secure,
we make it more complex.
But the more complex we make it,
the more insecure we actually are.
Well, it turns out
I’m not a complex guy.
I’m a simple guy,
and simple guys always
take down guys like you.
Tell his guard
he’s ready to go.
[ Booth ]
Thanks.
Give Jack Hodgins my regards.
I knew he’d enjoy
the code in the spine.
,r,» [Pop Ballad]
[Man ]
,r Once the feeling comes ,r
J You play the party
,r Break the heart ,r
,r 777/ you feel alive ,r
,r Scratch through
the ceiling ,r
J You love,r
,r To have your fun ,r
,r Behind the gun ,r
,r Till the fever dies ,r
,r And there is something ,r
,r At work here ,r
,r There ’s something ,r
,r Dark circles
around your bodyJ
,r Soon you’ll be
stealing from ,r
,r The odds and ends
who once were friends ,r
,r But now you demonize ,r
,r Back to the meaning off
,r The way you are,r
J You crash the car,r
,r To make the fever rise ,r
,rAndJ
,r There ’s something ,r
,r At work here ,r
,r Dark circles ,r
,r All around your body,r
,r Shift/ess
inside your gui/e ,r
,r Well, lay the card ,r
,r That tears apart ,r
,r What used to be your life ,/‘,/‘
[ Booth Grunts ]
We will get him, Booth.
It might take time,
but he is not
smarter than I am.
Right.
Just be careful in here.
I don’t want you to tri—
[ Groans ]
Oh!
There’s a light
around here somewhere.
I got it.
Booth?
Yeah.
- The mighty hut
appears to be leaking.
- [Water Dripping]
I’ll be able to patch that.
I told you this place
needs a lot of work, so you
have to use your imagination.
Huh? Right?
[ Booth Chuckles ]
Uh-huh!
Oh, my God, Booth.
Right.
It’s no big deal. I can get
my security deposit back.
It was only
one month’s salary.
It’s not gonna kill me.
You don’t wanna
go over there.
That part kinda blew up.
It’s where
the marshals breached.
I’m sorry.
This is a bad idea.
I messed up.
- It’s perfect.
- What?
I can see the bones, Booth—
the bones of the house.
It—
- It’s going to be wonderful.
- You mean that?
The beams and the doonNays
appear to be structurally sound,
and the proportions
are very pleasing.
I can imagine it whole.
So can I!
There’s a backyard.
- There’s room for a swing, a tree house.
- Where’s the baby’s room?
You’re gonna love it.
It’s this way.
Careful walking around.
Look, it’s right here.
It’s right next to our room,
so we can be close to her.
And we’re gonna
rip that wall out.
It’s gonna be huge.
We could plant
a cherry blossom tree
outside the window.
Anything.
Yes, we can.
I already talked to Wendell
and he needs the work,
so we’ll get this place
in decent shape
before this baby arrives.
[ Chuckling ]
We have a house, Booth.
You found our house.
We have a home.
Oh! Oh.
Could you feel that?
She kicked.
I think she’s trying to tell you
that she likes her room.
You think?
Yeah.
What’s that mean?
English - US - PSDH